What!
You actually let me study
How to catch rape
Why do you look down on our divorce lawyers?
That's not what I mean.
I didn't take the bar exam.
I have no idea.
These things are not handed in in textbooks
Otherwise, why do you want to learn from a teacher?
But okay
You help Liu Ying find evidence of her husband's affair
I'll give you a reward.
What reward?
confidential
Reward a kiss, okay?
No, why am I the master and you are the apprentice? This is incest
Then I don't work
It's up to you.
Why should the strong decide the rules?
I can't accept it.
According to you
I am stronger than you
Can I make a rule too?
No, don't you dare!
What am I afraid of?
You finally figured it out
It is not cheap.
It's a waste of resources to leave the bastard alone